Added release notes for 10.15.0.207 (#99)
SoftwareAG/c8y-releasenotes: content/release-10-15-0/applications-10-15-0-bundle/10-15-0-207.md

---
weight: 32
title: Release 10.15.0.207
layout: bundle
---

<!--10.15.199.0 - 10.15.0.207-->

### Fixes

<div><table ><colgroup>
<col style="width: 15%;"><col style="width: 70%;"><col style="width: 15%;"></colgroup>
<thead><tr>
<th>
Component</th>
<th>
Description</th>
<th>
Issue</th>
</tr>
</thead><tbody>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>

> <td>The "Help and service" widget icons are no longer missing after a hard refresh.</td>

Reviewer: are these two distinct widget icons? also, if it's UI texts, then it should probably be bold face, so `**Help** and **Service** widget icons`

Author: This refers to various icons in the "Help and service" widget. Perhaps better: In the "Help and service" widget, there are no longer missing icons after a hard refresh. ?

<td>MTM-47547</td>
</tr>

<tr>
<td>Cockpit</td>

> <td>The "Create smart rule" option on the datapoint selection list items has been reintroduced for the data explorer.</td>

Reviewer: bold face here too, probably

> <td>The "Create smart rule" option on the datapoint selection list items has been reintroduced for the data explorer.</td>

Author: ```suggestion
<td>In the data explorer, the **Create smart rule** option has been re-added to the context menu for datapoint selection list items.</td>

```
